KEP-5710: Update KEP to use decoupled PodGroup API. (#5919)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/sig-scheduling/5710-workload-aware-preemption/README.md

intuition is not enough here.

As described in user stories above, a simple static priority doesn't seem to be enough. Arguably it is
not even a single priority because a priority used for scheduling can be different than the priority
that should be used for preemption. So in the ideal world a workload owner should be able to:

- define priority used for scheduling a PodGroup
- define priority used for preemption of a PodGroup
- mutate preemption priority during the whole lifecycle of the workload to reflect the importance
  of that workload at a given moment

However, while we believe that all of these are eventually needed, we start simpler by:
- starting with just a single priority for scheduling and preemption.
- starting with static preemption priority (mutability brings additional complexity that is
  purely additive and thus should be added in a follow-up KEP)

The priority will be defined on a PodGroupTemplate level and will be inherited by all PodGroup
instances created from it.

The proposed `Workload` and `PodGroup` API extensions look as following.

```golang

type WorkloadSpec struct {

>   ...

Reviewer: let's remove the WorkloadSpec from this doc - we're not touching it any more

As described in user stories above, a simple static priority doesn't seem to be enough. Arguably it is
not even a single priority because a priority used for scheduling can be different than the priority
that should be used for preemption. So in the ideal world a workload owner should be able to:

- define priority used for scheduling a PodGroup
- define priority used for preemption of a PodGroup
- mutate preemption priority during the whole lifecycle of the workload to reflect the importance
  of that workload at a given moment

However, while we believe that all of these are eventually needed, we start simpler by:
- starting with just a single priority for scheduling and preemption.
- starting with static preemption priority (mutability brings additional complexity that is
  purely additive and thus should be added in a follow-up KEP)

In [KEP-4671: Gang Scheduling using Workload Object] we already decided that PodGroup is the scheduling
unit for workload-aware scheduling. Different PodGroups (even if part of the same Workload) are
scheduled independently. As a result, we continue this path and define the priority also at the level
of a scheduling unit.

> The proposed `Workload` and `PodGroup` API extensions look as following.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The proposed `PodGroup` API extension look as following.
```

```golang
type WorkloadSpec struct {

>   ...

Reviewer: Same here - let's remove given we don't change it.
